Hey everyone, welcome back to Boost
Your Income with Bootstrap to WordPress.
Where did my hair go?
DId I forget mention that?
Yep, I got a haircut and this lecture
is called Code the Search Template or
something like that.
Let's do it!
[MUSIC]
Time to make this search results
template much, much nicer and
fortunately it is so easy.
Open up that code editor,
make sure you open your search.php
template which is located right here and
then it will look like this.
The template for displaying search results
pages, it's very small which is great,
I like working with small pages and
all we've gotta do is just use our markup
that has already been pre styled,
and we're off to the races.
Things will look absolutely sexy.
So we're gonna take this head
section right here, header tag.
Cut that out, and we're just gonna paste
it at the very top here under get header.
Now we're gonna actually remove
this header tag all together.
We're gonna keep that level one
heading and we're gonna be using
the section tag with the feature image
at the very top of the parallax.
We used that actually in
our previous template.
But we're gonna grab it
from the blog at HTML.
We already have it here, gonna copy that.
Feature image section,
paste it right here.
Now that level one heading,
and here, we're just gonna
take this level one heading that we have
from the search template, and replace
the static one with it so we have
the actual correct level one heading.
All right, and then down here, we're
gonna remove these two tags, section and
main, and remove the closing tags as well.
And then we're just going to start
adding our own tags, very easy,
div class=container, and
then div id=primary also the class=row.
And then down below,
we're gonna have main tag.
And that's gonna have the id of content,
and
the class of col-sm-8, perfect.
I'm gonna close these tags after
the last end if statement,
aftare main we have our primary,
and then can't forget our sidebar.
Grab the sidebar function, and
it's gonna go right after our main tag.
It's gonna be the a side tag
with the class of col-sm-4.
Place the get sidebar function
in between there, perfect.
I'm just gonna add a little comment here.
Just to be consistent
with the other templates.
That's great, and then I'm gonna
save this after I tab this in.
Clean up the space here, looking good.
Save that, and now let's go and
see if this works.
Okay, so, kind of.
We have the layout right here.
Basically we just need to grab
the content for the search and
that looks like in the template we have
a template part called content-search,
so open content-search.
Well looky here,
it looks like we have our pretty generic
article excerpt that we've already done.
We've already done this.
So really all you need to
do is go to the content.php
template and grab everything.
Grab all of this copy article to article,
opening tag closing tag.
Copy that,
go back to your content search, and
then replace that article with the one
you've already done and refresh.
Now these search results here are pulling
up for some reason the resources.
And the resources, they have their own
templates which have a grid based layout,
and so
it's kind of messing with our search here.
Now when I think about it,
these are custom post types,
and we decided to leave their
resources in the search.
But I don't really want that because I
just want this search function to be for
the blog only, for
the blog posts and it's pulling in
our custom post types, the Resources,
so it's very easy to turn that off.
Go back to your Dashboard.
Go to Custom Post Types and
select Manage Post Types.
Edit the resource,
custom post types, advanced options,
go down here to Exclude from Search, True.
Now if I go ahead and update that, and
then I can go back to the site blog,
let's search for code again,
cuz that's where it came up.
Now it's pulling up a page.
So you can see here,
it just has resources.
So that's better than just
one of the resources.
You can exclude pages from search results,
but this is an okay search result.
It looks okay.
What about, I'm just gonna say lorem?
Here we go.
So now it's pulling up an actual post,
right here and
it has the layout with all the good stuff.
And so that is the search results page or
template.
And that's it for
this module for the blog, and
the entire blog section with all
the templates that go along with it.
And that was really one of the heaviest
parts that we are gonna be dealing with,
because next we just have our contact
page which is really straightforward and
really simple.
Like this full with template and
a contact using a really cool plugin
that I'm gonna introduce to you.
Two lectures a couple of lectures
in the next section, real easy and
then were on to cleaning up the rest and
getting this thing live.
[MUSIC]